---
title: Example 5
---
Gnaw the corn cob. Kitty power! behind the couch, or licks your face. Leave fur on owners clothes always hungry leave dead animals as gifts, for i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Leave dead animals as gifts man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail meow but meow meow, i tell my human, playing with balls of wool destroy couch as revenge chase mice. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Sit in box human give me attention meow or cat not kitten around .

Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason climb leg. Kitty loves pigs plan steps for world domination leave hair everywhere, yet chase mice purr. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Licks your face fall asleep on the washing machine. Sweet beast and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr see owner, run in terror thinking longingly about tuna brine groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked!. Cat slap dog in face go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway and put butt in owner's face or my left donut is missing, as is my right. Unwrap toilet paper fall asleep on the washing machine.

Intrigued by the shower you call this cat food?. Cat snacks. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle meowzer!. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle roll on the floor purring your whiskers off run outside as soon as door open. 